We're going to be jumping
into the first exercise.
And so, if you go to localhost,
port 3000, /00-modeling,
you could also access this by
clicking the link over here.
You're going to see a media player, and
this doesn't exactly need
to be hooked up just yet.
It just serves as a visual guide for now.
What we're gonna be mainly doing
is working in the console itself.
And so, for this exercise, what I want you
to do is, you're gonna see a main.js file.
We're going to be creating a simple state
machine that represents the loading,
play, and
pause functionality of our media player.
And so, let's first create the state
machine visually over here.
So instead of loading, or
sorry, instead of idle,
our initial state is going to be loading.
And this represents loading the song,
we're going to have a loaded event.
And so, according to the specification,
when the song is loaded,
we're gonna start playing it.
So the state machine goes
to the playing state.
Now, we could go back and
forth between the playing and
paused states using events.
So we could go from playing
to paused when we pause it.
And we could go from paused to playing,
When the play event happens.
So basically,
I want you to represent this state machine
in code without using any libraries.
And yeah, so you could use either
a switch statement or an object.
And just like we did by attaching
the transition function to the window,
play around with it, look in the console.
Make sure that all of the transitions
are actually working.
And then if you want to,
find a way to localize that state, so
you have this object that you
could just send events to.
If you don't get that far, then that's
okay, we're gonna be doing it together,
cuz that's gonna be
an important concepts later on.